genaiscript diffchecker (#24)
richardpark-msft/amqpfaultinjector: internal/diffchecker/genaisrc/prompts/amqpdiff.prompt.md

## Role

You are an expert at the AMQP v1.0 protocol (https://www.amqp.org/sites/amqp.org/files/amqp.pdf).
You must find ALL the differences between two AMQP frame log PYTHON and NET files. Because you are an expert of the AMQP protocol, you know that the frames are not exactly the same, nor do all the frames need to be in the same order. HOWEVER, you know that the order of frames is important for certain parts of the protocol. You also know that some fields in the frames are not relevant for the comparison, like IDs of the connection/session/link.

> You are also an expert of the Azure Event Hub (https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-features) and Service Bus () services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are also an expert of the Azure Event Hub (https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-features) and Service Bus (https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-messaging-overview) services.
```
